Replace sqlgram links (#17468)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-create-table.md

);
```

> In addition, if the current time is also filled in by default when the data is being updated, the following statements can be used (but only the current time related statements can be filled in after `ON UPDATE`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, if the current time is also filled in by default when the data is being updated, the following statements can be used (but only the current-time related expressions can be filled in after `ON UPDATE`):
```

the thing after ON UPDATE is definitely not a statement :upside_down_face:

);
```

> See [default values](/data-type-default-values.md) for more details on what default values are supported for what datatypes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information on default values of different data types, see [default values](/data-type-default-values.md).
```
